For now, it's time to register our user.
So let's go to the register component.
And, uh, here, let's add the setup.
So we will use view three composition API.
So we need to add everything in the setup.
So here I will create a variable, I'll call it data.
It will be equal to reactive.
So we introduced this function.
We need to import reactive from view.
And inside this function we will have all our inputs.
So for each input we will put it here.
So we need a first name and we need to initialize them.
So by default it will be empty.
Last name, empty email.
A password and a password underscore confirm.
So that's it.
Also, to use this value, we have to return it.
So we will return the data there.
So we added this reactive values and that to move them to our inputs, we have to use a V model data
that the first name here.
So this means that every time we change the inputs so we make changes here, it will be reflected to
this variable.
Let's add the same thing for the other inputs.
So this is the last name, this is the email, this is the password and this is the password code here.
So we mapped all the values.
So when we change these values, it will be reflected to this data variable.
And now what is left is to submit the form.
For that we need to create a function.
So all create the function.
Submit.
And the old keep it empty in the oval.
Return it for the moment, submit.
So this function will be used when we submit this form to submit this form, add the here and submit
will be equal to this submit function.
I will also add here that prevent because if I don't add the prevent.
So let's just console.log here.
If we submit the form, we will see that our page refreshes.
We don't want that.
So we need to adhere that prevent.
So it would prevent that behavior.
And now when we type submit, we can see that our page won't be refreshed.
So that's it.
Now let's complete here the submit function.
And to complete it, I will install another package.
So npm install access.
This is a package that will help us send each of the requests.
We need also to install the type.
So is a dependency types actions because in this course we will use a typescript and the first we have
to import access here from Arxiv.
And if you want to use TypeScript in this template.
So this should be like this.
In the script tag here we have to add lung.
Yes.
And that's it.
We are using TypeScript in this code here.
But unfortunately, there is not TypeScript code, so it looks similar, even if it is JavaScript,
even if it is TypeScript.
So we imported active and now old.
Make this function synchronous and we will await actions will send a post request to DP localhost port
it thousandth this API slash register and the information that we will send in the backend is this one.
So that's why I created this data variable and we will pass directly the data here.
And that should be it.
And if this request is successful, we want to redirect to our logging component.
So for that, we need to create another variable here, or alter, which is equal to use or alter.
And don't forget to import user order from viewers out there know that we got this variable.
After this request is successful, we will wait around the push to log in.
And that should be it.
Now, if we go to our frontend, if we register a user here, we'll make a user called B.
And if we submit now and we direct to the logging page, it means that the registration was successful.
Let's submit and we redirected.
This means so that our registration was successful.
Now in the next autofill let's use that user to log in.